FAQs
Enrolment
Q1: Do I need to enroll as a Bihar eProcurement Vendor before I can respond to electronic Tenders,
Pre-Qualifications and Expression of Interest?
Ans: Interested vendors who wish to respond to electronic Tenders, PQ and EOI will need to enroll a
Bihar eProcurement Vendors on the Bihar eProcurement Portal before they can login to respond to
such electronic Tenders, Pre-Qualifications and Expression of Interest.

Q2: Can an individual enroll as a Bihar eProcurement Vendor?
Ans: Yes, individuals can enroll as Bihar eProcurement Vendor.

Q3: Can overseas vendors enroll as a Bihar eProcurement vendor and trade?
Ans: Yes, they can. Overseas vendors, upon successful enrollment will receive a eProcurement Login
ID and password which will be sent to them through email.
Administration
Q1: Can I update my own company information?
Ans: Yes. You can update your own company's basic information by logging in to Bihar
eProcurement website.

Q2: Can I update my own company's name?
Ans: You will not be allowed to update your own company's name by logging in to Bihar
eProcurement website.

Q3: Can I change the authorised representative?
Ans: Yes, you can change the authorised representative details. The new representative will have to
login the Bihar eProcurement website and click on “Modify Profile” link to change representative
details & Encryption Certificate details. You can also use forget password link from Home page to
reset your password and update the Digital Signature detail.
Tender
Q1: What is Live Tender?
Ans: The tender which are in live stage called Live Tender. Bidder can participate on these tender
now.

Q2: What is Publish Tender?
Ans: The tenders are published from department end but the bidding start date is not over. Bidder
can view the tender details but they are not able to bid for these tender.
Q3: How can we add a Tender under Favourite Tender tab?
Ans: Bidder can add any tender in Favourite tender menu by clicking on “Add to Favourite” under
Action icon. That tender will show under Favourite Tender tab.

Q4: How can we see the Cancelled Tender?
Ans: If any tender cancel by the department for any reason, it will show under Cancelled Tender
tab.
Q5: How can I confirm that I have submitted my bid successfully?
Ans: Your bid will be shown under Submitted Bid tab and you will received an Acknowledgement
mail from the system.
Q6: Can we modify the bid before closing time of the tender?
Ans: Yes you can modify multiple times of bid before closing time of the tender.
Q7: How do I know that I have been awarded?
Ans: You can log on to Bihar eProcurement website to check if you are been awarded for the tender.
Q8: Is Bid Authorization needed to open the bid?
Ans: Yes, you have to authorize your bid in stipulated time period for opening the tender.
Login
Q1: How can I apply for Bihar eProcurement Login ID?
Ans: You can fill up the Online Vendor Registration Form. After complete the Vendor Registration
you have pay Registration Amount online. Your Bihar eProcurement Login ID and password will be
sent to your e-mail address. If you have the user id of eproc1 then you can use the same and system
will fetch the registration validity accordingly