System Requirement – eProcurement System 2.0

1. Background:
The purpose of this manual is to provide necessary guidance on the Pre-requisite and System
Settings to be done to access e-procurement application.
1.1 Intended Audience
This document is intended for following users.
 Vendors and Buyers
1.2 Abbreviations
Sl. no Short Name Full Name
1 DSC Digital Signature Certificate
2 OS Operating System
3 PKI Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) provides security
features and is the foundation for providing trust
and security for e-business (and other services).
... It includes a security policy, certification
authority, registration authority, certificate
distribution system and PKI-enabled applications
1.3 Disclaimer
This may undergo changes as part of continuous improvement. Updated copy will be
available in the portal. Visit portal for latest version of user manual.
 System Requirement – eProcurement System 2.0

2. Before you start:
Check the followings before you start
Step 1: OS requirement
Windows 7, 8, 8.1 & 10.
Step 2: Browser requirements

Google Chrome Version 79 and above, Mozilla Firefox Version 71 and above & Internet
Explorer Version 11 and above.
Step 3: DIGITAL CERTIFICATE (DSC)

Insert and Install CLASS 2 or CLASS 3 DSC with Signing & Encryption components.
Step 4: DSC PKI COMPONENT*


Install the PKI component in your system. To install kindly go thru the next page. You may
also go to the Homepage and click on “Install DSC PKI Component”. You can go thru the
manual which is available in that link.
Step 5: WEB BROWSER SETUP
For Firefox – Open Firefox browser, Go to URL and type https://localhost:13591 and
add security exception to allow connections. If connection error still comes, Go to URL and
type about:config and set value for ‘security.mixed_content.block_active_content’ to false
and security.mixed_content.block_display_content to true.
For Chrome - Open Chrome browser, Go to URL and type chrome://flags/#allowinsecure-localhost and click on Enable and restart Chrome to allow connections.
For Internet Explorer 10 and above - Open IE browser, Go to URL and type
https://localhost:13591 and add certificate to Trusted Root Certification Authorities if
certificate error comes.
* Disclaimer: DSC PKI component requires to run some background services in your
respective system. These services can only be accessed over https://localhost:13591 URL
from the browser. Hence some permission needs to be set at browser level to allow the
browser to access the mentioned URL. Above are the web browser settings defined which
needs to configure as per the browsers you are using. Kindly note, if you do not do these
browser configurations, or if the PKI component is not running, you will get an error
mentioning “Component not running” or “Certificate selection cancelled” while logging in
into the application.”
 System Requirement – eProcurement System 2.0

3. DSC PKI Component Installation (Applet-less)
What is an Applet-less PKI component? It is a software which enables to pick up the digital
certificate information from your system without any dependency on Java versions and
shows it in a pop-up box from where you will select your correct DSCs and will login/transact
into the eProcurement application. This will not affect/restrict/alter your system or system’s
settings to use of any other transactional websites.
There will be 2 way of installing or executing the PKI component1. Installing the PKI component Permanently (One-Time) in the system, which will need the
Admin right of your system (Laptop/Desktop) to install the executable programme file. This
will help you to avoid any future installation/run of the component.
2. Executing the PKI component Temporarily (Every time) in the system, for which admin
right of your system is not needed. In this process you need to run a .jnlp file every-time you
want to access the Eproc2.0 portal. Every-time you restart your system you need to
download and run the temporary .jnlp file to run the PKI component.
In the next pages, all the two steps has been defined with pictorial representation. Kindly go
through the same.
 System Requirement – eProcurement System 2.0

3.1 1st way of PKI component installation permanently.
 Click on “Install DSC PKI Component” -> “Permanent Installation”
 Please check your computer’s system type from system properties, whether your system is
32 bit or 64 bit, accordingly click and download the version of the PKI component from the
dropdown.
 Once you download the PKI component then click to install it in your system. You
may require admin rights in your computer to install the executable file in your computer. In
such case kindly contact your computer experts/service provider/IT team of your office


3.2 2nd way of PKI component execution temporarily
Kindly Note: You will NOT require any admin rights in your computer to run this file in your
computer.
 Click on “Install DSC PKI Component” -> “Temporary Execution”
[PIC of Header Part]
 Automatically the launchDomainEps.jnlp file will download in your system and give
you a message ‘Do you to keep launch DomainEps.jnlp’.
 Click on “Keep”
 Then click on the downloaded launchDomainEps.jnlp file. Automatically it will run
and it may take 20-30 secs to install successfully in your system (depending on your
system speed), you can see the status from the Taskbar of your system. An “N”
symbol will appear